content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Nelson Bighetti

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Professor of Artificial Intelligence

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
- name: Stanford University
  url: https://www.stanford.edu/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Computational Linguistics
- Information Retrieval

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Stanford University
    year: 2012
  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2009
  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '/#contact'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
- icon: graduation-cap  # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
  icon_pack: fas
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/gcushen
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`, 
# and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: false
---

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "uploads/demo_resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.

Commit message:

second commit, with basic settings

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Meng Liu

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: PhD Candidate in Second Language Education

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
- name: University of Cambridge
  url: https://www.cam.ac.uk/

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My primary research interests lies at the intersection of educational psychology and multilingualism. I am interested in understanding learners who are learning multiple foreign languages concurrently, ranging from their motivation to their self-regulated learning. Another strand of my research interest lies in quantitative methodology and open research. I love using R and doing data analysis. 

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
- Motivation
- Multilingualism
- Quantitative Methods (e.g., SEM, LPA)
- Data Science in R
- Metascience & Open Research

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Education
    institution: University of Cambridge
    year: 2018 - Present


# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://wowchemy.com/docs/getting-started/page-builder/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "/#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '/#contact'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/mengliuveronica
- icon: graduation-cap  # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
  icon_pack: fas
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=oiBG9nYAAAAJ&hl=en&authuser=1
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/veronicamm
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/meng-liu-689041197/

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV.
# To use: copy your resume to `static/uploads/resume.pdf`, enable `ai` icons in `params.toml`, 
# and uncomment the lines below.
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: uploads/resume.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: TRUE
---

Meng Liu is a PhD candidate at the Second Language Education Group, Faculty of Education, University of Cambridge. Passionate about language education, she taught English in China, both in the private and public sectors, for over seven years before coming to Cambridge for her PhD. Her substantive research interest lies in the psychology of language learning, concerning topics such as motivation, self-concenpt, multilingualism and interculturality. She is also passionate about research methodology, with a particular interest in quantitative and mixed methods research, research synthesis and metascience. She is currently the Editor in Chief of Cambridge Educational Research e-Journal.
